All right.
So we're just about done here.
The last thing we need to do is add some comment functionality to our single post page.
All right so if we go into single dog ph P and go down let's say I want to do it still within the panel
body.
So that ends here so we'll go right above that and you could put your code in here.
But what I liked to do is create a comments template and we can just say ph P comments
template.
All right I'll save that.
And let's go and create a new folder.
I'm sorry a new file and we'll save it as comments towards TGP and saying there needs to be in you know
a theme folder
and then if we go and type something in here we'll say test and save reload and you can see we're getting
test OK.
So let's create a div or give it a class of comments
and let's do the HP if
I have comments
.
Let's do H-3 Is it a class of comments title
All right.
And then here
say if
you get comments number is equal to 1 because we I'm doing this because if there's only one comment
I wanted to say whatever and then comment singular if there's more than one then I wanted to say comments
.
So we're checking to see if there's one here if there is then we're going to Acco get comments number
and then just concatenate the word comment and then we'll put in the else.
Copy that and just to add an s to the end here.
OK so that'll be the heading.
Let's see if we need to end the PH p.
All right.
And then under the age 3 you will have a UL given a class of row and also comment list.
So to say W.P. list
comments.
And that's going to get passed in there Ray.
OK.
We're going to use avatars So let's say avatars Avatar size I'm going to set that to 90 and then we
have a callback which we have to create as well.
OK so that callback will say add theme comments and this is going to go inside the functions of each
file
.
Now I have a few big blocks of code that I need to use so I'm going to just pace some of this in.
All right so this here is going to check to see if comments are closed and if they are then we can leave
a little note.
OK.
So just get that copied.
Now let's go under this is a div and will put a horizontal rule in there and we need to create our common
arguments K and then create the form.
So I'm going to paste this in.
OK so we have a variable called comment args and that's set to an array with a bunch of different values
.
You can have your your submit button label the title reply notes things like that.
And then down here we're calling the comment form function and passing in those arguments.
All right so you want to get that saved.
Now if we go on we try to check it out.
Now you can see that we have a form here and let's try to add something
send.
OK.
Now what's going on here is it's looking for the callback that we specified K which is up here.
Add in comments it's looking for that and it's not finding it.
So what we're going to do is we're going to go into functions dot ph P and we're going to fix that.
I'm going to go ahead and paste this in.
All right so we have a function called add theme comments and that should match your callback.
All right.
And we're passing in the comment ARGs in depth.
And then down here you can add some tags in classes so that you can style this.
All right.
I'm just going to go with what we have here.
All right now we're going to have to post some other stuff in as well so we don't get overwhelmed it
is quite a bit but you can actually get this code off in the Word Press documentation.
All right so from here down.
Actually let me show you where I got this.
OK.
So this page here if we go down basically all the stuff that we've done and then the code that I just
pasted in is right here.
All right.
So just copying that and piecing that in that will give you the phunk the correct functionality.
Now I don't think I changed anything from from this code to that.
So if you wanted to just go to the Word Press documentation and grab the code or you can just copy it
if you'd like.
But let's go ahead and save that and see what happens.
All right.
So not much.
Oh we have the call back.
I have this parentheses in there for some reason.
So let's clear that out.
There we go.
All right.
Now the back in the background here isn't going over the whole thing but that's no wish.
That's not a problem.
We just take a look at the CSX case.
That's a well to open up style thoughts see you see the class is called common item.
So let's go in here and say Daut
comment item.
I'm just going to set overflow to auto and I'm also going to add a comment list and set list style to
none.
Margin is going to be 0 in a mark that as important.
And then padding also zero.
And there we go.
It looks pretty good.
OK so we can reply we can leave comments.
Awesome.
So that's it.
We are done.
We now have a WordPress theme with bootstrap and you could use this as kind of like a base theme to
create other bootstrap themes.
You can use the the nav bar walker which is really helpful.
But yes so hopefully you guys learned a little something in this project.
And thanks for watching